I call tata huguette if he is he
was fine if you go not do your
shy roman and jean-louis to ring at
every night where there is right the famous
young people and 12 chairs the twelve objects and
12 months
short the game principle these two
participants who are going to get the most
quickly possible waters to the room and
at each turn the last one is eliminated
you're going to go to that moment of the
evening there are some who have reasons to
worry
a belt a jacket
I'm hot on a shirt of
socks or pants a script
would have car keys the clothes and
the car keys of the stopped dishes
undressed and sequestered at the wedding of
cousin
no but serious with this game there the
family concept disappears
completely
all shots are allowed next to that
the free fight is that slab
I understand those who say
however of June I will go hide
in the toilet
whatever you are no more than eight
and you are going to fetch a leaf
of dough I did well to hide
will not come to make me shit sticks to it
is it
I hope you are lucky
brother we hit the gentlemen and
wanted the paper that more in demand
just a sheet of pq and still has
who work squarely water water